add guidance to using underscores or dots for dbt model naming (#4750)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud.md

## Related docs

- [How we style our dbt projects](/best-practices/how-we-style/0-how-we-style-our-dbt-projects)
- [User interface](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface)
- [Version control basics](/docs/collaborate/git/version-control-basics)
- [dbt Commands](/reference/dbt-commands)

## Related questions

<FAQ path="Git/gitignore"/>

<detailsToggle alt_header="Is there a cost to using the Cloud IDE?">
Not at all! You can use dbt Cloud when you sign up for the <a href="https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/">Free Developer plan</a>, which comes with one developer seat. If you’d like to access more features or have more developer seats, you can upgrade your account to the Team or Enterprise plan.<br />

Refer to <a href="https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/">dbt pricing plans</a> for more details.
</detailsToggle>

<detailsToggle alt_header="Can I be a contributor to dbt Cloud?">

> Anyone can contribute to the dbt project. And whether it's a dbt package, a plugin, dbt-core, or this documentation site, contributing to the open-source code that supports the dbt ecosystem is a great way to level yourself up as a developer, and give back to the community. See <a href="https://docs.getdbt.com/community/resources/oss-expectations">Contributing</a> for details on what to expect when contributing to the dbt open source software (OSS).

Reviewer: I know you are just cleaning up the wrapper around this, but since we're here... this doesn't answer the question at all. 

```suggestion
As a proprietary product, dbt Cloud's source code isn't available for community contributions. If you want to build something in the dbt ecosystem, we encourage you to review [this article](/community/contributing/contributing-coding) about contributing to a dbt package, a plugin, dbt-core, or this documentation site. Participation in open-source is a great way to level yourself up as a developer, and give back to the community.
```

Author: oh wow, thanks so much for clearing this up! this was definitely incorrect 🙏
